Generates a subset of a relational database that respects foreign key constraints
API Standards for 18F
Lightweight analytics reporting and publishing tool for Google Analytics data. Powers https://analytics.usa.gov.
18F's TLS standards, practices, and operations.
Innovation platform and collaboration marketplace
18F's main website.
An open API server, data import tools, and sample apps to help small businesses search for opportunities to work with the U.S. government.
A shell script which turns your Mac into an awesome web development machine.
An experiment in taking data from the Federal Election Commission and harmonizing/cleaning it up to make it easier for external developers to use and analyze.
A simple time tracking experiment
Resources and Materials for the /Developer Program
Please check out https://github.com/18F/foia-hub/issues to track our work. This repo is for project wide discussion, blogging, and scratch space for 18F's FOIA modernization team. 
A consolidated FOIA request hub.
How the .gov domain space is doing at best practices and federal requirements.
Connect better with government
Jekyll plugin to download data from external JSON sources to use in generating a site
This is the main repo for the Government Wide Pattern Library project.
Exploring a reimagined website for the Federal Election Commission.
The website content for api.data.gov
Scan domains for various web things, like HTTP/HTTPS configuration.
If Gov Then That
Documentation hub for the 18F team
18F's Answers Platform, based on Code for America's Honolulu Answers
Continuous deployment made easy and secure
A site to track our projects' status and much, much more...
Webhook for automatically generating 18F sites a la GitHub pages
18F's code of conduct.
A simple, system independent infrastructure for performing web scraping. Utilizes Vagrant virtualbox interface and puppet provisioning to create and execute scraping of web content to structured data quickly and easily without modifying your core system.
An estimator for hourly rates on professional services contracts
get the size of one or more URLs
A place to think and work on a new Peace Corps website.
a Jekyll Plugin that generates a JSON file with data for all the Pages in your Site
an approval process automation tool
Python library to extract text from PDF, and default to OCR when text extraction fails.
Information about how to respond to and prevent sexual assault on college and university campuses.
A repo to organize the guidelines and best practices for accessibility at 18f.
Frontend styleguide for 18F
Server- and client-side web application for the OpenFEC data site.
Beginning and Advanced lessons in javascript with a focus on functional programming.  This repo contains both exercises and solutions.  It is used by 18F to train its internal staff, but of course anyone is welcome to use it and possibly contribute.
A set of principles, practices, idioms, and strategies pertaining to automated software testing and its adoption
Discovery is a market research tool for the OASIS procurement vehicle. 
A **draft** guide for the Agile Delivery Services BPA
A demonstration of protosketching techniques
Backend and web service for searching a database imported from CSV files (someday generally, but Prices Paid for now.)
GUI for the PricesPaid market research
A sandbox for opensource demonstrations of GitHub

Documentation site for 18F's deployment of Cloud Foundry
Federalist is a unified interface for publishing static government websites.
(RETIRED) Initial mocks for a FOIA hub.
Sendak integrates user, project, and deployment management for 18F
OmniAuth strategy for MyUSA
GitHub pages repository
A complete agency API program.  
Projects of the 18F Analytics Guild. For the 18F analytics standards, visit
The SBIR-EZ project, whose goal is to simplify the process of participating in the Small Business Innovation Research Program
A scraper for the SBIR topics housed on dodsbir.net
Landing pages to promote the Treasury's new myRA initiative.
Information on the extractive industries in the U.S. from Federal data.
General 18F design issues, discussion, and shared resources/artifacts
A search/similarity/discovery API over information from FOIA responses.

A package for API Usability testing
The 18F Women in Tech & Data Hackathon + Training Day November 7, 2014
Release Manifest for Cloud Foundry
Notes on the 18F-hosted Co-Working Sessions
The 18F testing cookbook
A search index and API server for anyone requiring basic, fast search of highly curated content.
A handbook for those wishing to recruit a self-organizing volunteer group to address organizational needs
A Jekyll-powered microsite, live at https://letgirlslearn.peacecorps.gov
Python access to the FBOpen API
A simple Vagrant setup to get you started with running Elasticsearch
A microsite of hackathons hosted by 18F
Charmander is a simple template for producing Jekyll static sites using Vagrant, Gulp, Bourbon, Neat, Bitters, and Bower.
pyfpds is a python wrapper around the FPDS ATOM feed
staging our redesign of the fbopen docs
Digital Services Innovation Center's Open Opportunities - on the Midas platform
A collection of 18F guides.
(INACTIVE) A Mandrill Inbound email webhook that opens GitHub issues. Great for approving HTTPS certificates.
A starter Flask app that uses the Flakes front-end framework
Election data can be confusing. Searching through it, shouldn't be.
Central point for all 18F Air Force Small Business projects
18F's client agreements and related materials
18F Consulting
This is where we put materials relating to the user experience of MyUSA. Code goes into https://github.com/18F/myusa. 
This small DATA Act pilot contains code that translates agency data to a uniform DATA act format.
A thin layer between your users and the USPS API
2014 PIF Application
ElasticSearch in a Docker container
Meet bronto, a BEAST of a thesaurus.
A lightweight scorecard for clients and products that can be used at the beginning of client engagement or during and can help highlight areas that may impact success.
Public repo for collaborative working on 18F's fee and labor rate strategy
A chef cookbook for installing SSLMate and some optional helper scripts.

Easily deploy Fugacious backed with Postgres via Docker and FIg.
Generates a JavaScript snippet for searching FBOpen
This is an experimental repository to prototype some Ajax and GUI ideas
Experimental proxy to make GA data public. 

A draft/work-in-progress playbook for Section 508-friendly procurement
Ruby access to the GSA Auctions API
A repo to organize training at 18f.
Jekyll template for 18F Guides
Every Kid in a Park
Up is a simple utility to encrypt secrets and upload them to a specified S3 bucket, all in a shell script!
Dispelling myths.
Pruning/promotion of properties, deep merges, and joins for Ruby Hash objects
scrapers to create iso metadata
simple template for mapwarper - should be integrated and ported to ruby
An experiment with using Travis-CI to a deploy a Sinatra app to Cloud Foundry
[HireEZ v2] Doing heavy lifting in the land of government hiring.
FAB is the FBOpen A/B test project
A collection of position descriptions for digital jobs in government.  
Chef cookbooks used for deployment of 18F stuff on AWS opsworks
A Hub that links together all of the U.S. Digital Service teams
A coming soon page for MyUSA
ProjectMonitor is a CI display aggregator. It displays the status of multiple Continuous Integration builds on a single web page.
18F's contributions to the GSA enterprise data inventory and public data listing
A Node.js template for cross-browser functional tests with Sauce Labs
Design collaboration.
A collection of notes taken about the USPS APIs
Chef cookbook for provisioning Midas
A guide for anyone interested in joining the 18F team

An example Rails app that connects to MyUSA
Repository for the DOL/HWD FOH Charette 
DEPRECATED: All 18F team data is now stored in 18F/data-private
Standardization, munging, redaction, and publishing of weekly snippets
Very simple code to demonstrate how to use the PricesPaidAPI (P3)
Python web app that let's you upload URLs, tag, collect into portfolios, vote, and export the results as .csv files.
Simple Authentication module used by PricesPaidGUI and PricesPaidAPI
Components for creating a team Hub using Jekyll
API for bronto thesaurus
DEPRECATED: an RDS service broker for Cloud Foundry written in Ruby. see:
A standalone search crawler and API for Jekyll sites.
[WIP] EITI data and maps for DOI
A place for @noahkunin to store presentation materials about devops
A mock version of pay.gov for rapid testing
Low level Ruby access to the Answers Platform API
18F guide for building inclusive and accessible digital products.
Generates and cleans up temp files for automated tests
WIP: a gem to cycle through environment variables
A command-line parser/usage generator wrapping minimist
A FICAM profile for OpenID
ideas for 18F projects
DEPRECATED: Initial repo for some shared thoughts around a shopping cart idea.
18F's mission, vision, and the core values that inform our culture and working models
A WIP
government requirements for shipping products
Agile Principles and Practice, documented by the 18F Agile Guild
A Ruby gem for reading and writing Interagency Agreement PDFs
WIP: Team standards for implementing website and API analytics.


An 18F Consulting Protosketch
Validates YAML data against a schema
An experiment to make CloudFront/S3 deployments nice and easy.
A chef cookbook to install and setup the Mirage market research tool
Ubuntu Hardening Bosh Release
A reference project for Sendak - touches a file.
Cookbook repo for afsbirez.
Always be billin'
Terraform Configuration for setting up a VPC and Instances for our work with the FEC
A Chef cookbook to install and create configs for Shipper
This is a repository for Rob
A compilation of assets to jump start a new web UI project with 18F branding.
A scratchpad for miscellaneous files
Randomize into cohorts based on zip code as found by geolocation of IP address w/ freegeoip to aid in JS for experimentation
This is the installation materials for the PriceHistory project, which consists of several repos.
Team Rectangle!
Project microsite for the Navy Reserve.
A Ruby script that automatically generates the projects.json required by Project Monitor
Explore relationship between the Report on Budget Execution and Budgetary Resources (SF-133) and the DATA Act.
Financial models and spreadsheets of Software-development
Code written during the DATA act agile workshop
File hosting as a service.
18F Cloud Foundry Bosh Release for customizations
A place to explore and evolve a new site for the Federal Election Commission.
CitySDK Data Workshop -- Innovation District Showcase Dashboard
Generate a safe record locator (used for ticketing systems). 
PIF website, jekyll flavored
Testing Military OneSource on Federalist
Evaluating DevOps capability.
A sandbox for a program that bundles and commoditizes a range of 18F engagement options.  
A playground repo for APIs
This is a repository for Rob
Formats Plugin for CKAN
This is a d3-implemented interactive model to explain technical debt
Dockerfile and instructions for running Oracle database in a Docker container.
(Inactive) The Air Force Research Laboratory's Small Business Hub
A guide to using Lean UX on your project
Some exploratory schemas for DATA Act implementation
billing tools/scripts for AWS
Hello World apps for Cloud Foundry
Create a folder of archived git repositories, using a csv to identify which repositories to clone.
Chef cookbook to install and configure MyUSA
Slides for 18FC
A pa11y reporter for continuous integration environments 
This is a repository for Aaron
Just jamming' --- some exploration of parsing emails representing shopping lists
A proposal for various live dashboards (not affiliated with the 18F Dashboard project)
Navy Reserve \"Ready to Serve\" Mobile Web Application
Scripts to assist with the configuration and operation of Cloud Foundry.

EKIP API
This is the open source repository for the Government Wide Pattern Library visual design assets.
Jekyll search plugin based on lunr.js and jekyll_pages_api
Cloud Foundry notifications for Hubot
18F Testing Grouplet
Prototype for SBIR-EZ.
