qu is a data platform created to serve our public data sets. This is a public domain work of the US Government. 
Gently push content from development to production. This is a public domain work of the US Government.
An application that lets an organization collect ideas, comment on them, and vote them up. 
A site for the CFPB to share and discuss its technology work with the world.
A set of design principles and standards for the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.
EC2mapper is a web application that provides a user-friendly interface to view Amazon AWS network configurations, while allowing changes to be easily tracked over time.
Collab is a Django project with a standard set of configurations to provide services to reusable apps.
All the code to parse a regulation. 
Unbiased mortgage rate comparison tool for homebuyers.
A tool for loading arbitrary content into Elasticsearch and serving that content on the web.
Open source version of a simple Transit Subsidy intake form.  This is what is commonly used by United Stated federal government agencies. This is a public domain work of the US Government.
All the code to present display regulations on the web. 
A repository for the discussion and publication of the CFPB front-end team standards.
Project-wide documentation for Capital Framework, a set of modular front-end components developed at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.
A Jekyll template for project documentation

An engine that supplies the API that allows users to read regulations and their various layers. 
Tools to make caching easier in Django
Tools to make importing and analyzing mortgage application data easier. This is a public domain work of the US Government.
A project template containing default open source files for new projects
A node module to calculate the interest paid, principal paid, remaining balance, and monthly payment of a loan.
Tool that allows users to find the 10 closest HUD-approved housing counselors by the centroid of a ZIP code. They can print those based on the results on the web page.

In-progress redesign of the consumerfinance.gov website.
Downloads JMeter and JMeter plugins and demonstrates usage via examples. Suggested to be used as a git submodule
Documentation to support upcoming data platform API and data sets

A silly git inspector
An interactive front-end for exploring the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act data set
Form Builder app for Collab




cfpb's API-keyless, batch geocoder


A simple engine for backend widgets
Yeoman generator for Capital Framework
Data loader for Grasshopper 
Prototype for HMDA visualization
The API that drives the Owning A Home project. 
WCAG and Section 508 accessibility audits from the command line.
A Less-based grid system using parametric mixins. Part of Capital Framework.
Design, research, and front-end implementation of responsive email templates for the CFPB.
A node module to quickly calculate monthly payments and the total amount of interest paid for a fixed rate loan.
Implementation of the rule engine for the edit checks for the HMDA Pilot project.
Lookup APIs to assist in edit checks for the HMDA Pilot project.
An extensible site rendering system
Documentation for the eRegulations project. 

Language-agnostic rule specification for the HMDA file specification and edit checks.
Templates for consumerfinance.gov pages running on Sheer
Advanced typographic patterns, including lists, links, and headers for Capital Framework.
Custom icon font for Capital Framework.



Collab app to meet new people
Testing the amount of time it takes to process an average HMDA .dat file.

Front-end to Grasshopper, cfpb's nascent geocoder
Core styles for starting a Capital Framework project. It includes Normalize.css, variables, media query and utility mixins, class utilities and standard base styling.
A set of common Grunt tasks for Capital Framework components.
Address Parsing REST API
Enhanced form styles for Capital Framework.
A node module to calculate the overall cost of a loan.

pluggable authorization management
A collection wp-cli commands used at the CFPB.
A node module to get the U.S. state closest to the user's position.



Precision feedback for images and documents.

Standard layout components for Capital Framework.
Standard expandable (show/hide) elements for Capital Framework.
Button components for Capital Framework.
Sensible defaults for new CFPB machines


An add-on to normalize.css that backfills v1 legacy browser support. It is built to be combined with newer versions of normalize.css.
This is a simple plugin to add open graph data to a WordPress action hook.

Internal Grunt task for automating project documentation and semantic versioning.
Convert a United States dollar-formatted string into a number.

Node module to keep a number positive
One-way DOM-to-model data-binding.
Check if a loan is jumbo or high balance.


:warning: THIS REPO IS DEPRECATED :warning: You can find the color variables in cf-core.
:warning: THIS REPO IS DEPRECATED :warning:
An open source enterprise data warehousing and analysis platform.


RPM build of the XSV toolkit



:space_invader:




A node module to test for a USD formatted input.
Convert a number or string to a USD-formatted string
Yeoman generator for CFPB node modules
Publish ECCU files to Akamai

Contains Jade templates for creating docs and demos for Capital Framework components.




Standard pagination component for Capital Framework.




