the all new clean and UI callback enabled app formerly known as Kepler (AKA pollen-planets)
Cooper Hewitt: The Typeface created by Chester Jenkins
Cooper-Hewitt's Collection Database
A proof-of-concept Chromecast application for web-based signage in museums
It's full of planets!
palette-server is a small little WSGI-compliant httpony to extract colours from an image.
Who's on first?
The timeline’s goal is to visualize an individual object’s history relative to the velocity of major events that define the larger collection.
get set up with your own Elasticsearch instance for searching the Cooper Hewitt's collection
Cooper Hewitt's Python tools for wrangling colours
frontend tools for working with images
work in progress for doing fun things with our images
A simple Flask-based HTTPony for processing file uploads with Tesseract and extracting accession numbers.

These are the people in the Cooper-Hewitt collection
Drop-in code and libraries for using elasticsearch in a Flamework project

a little httpony to calculate the shannon entropy for an image
A very simple WSGI-compliant HTTPony for doing IP lookups.
Tools for talking to and working with TMS data
Python bindings for the Cooper-Hewitt collections API

There are many wrappers for the Slack API. This one is ours.
its our API, on your phone
@micahwalter as a service
Tools for working with museum collections.
it's for downloading things
get your csv
a little node module to call into the Cooper-Hewitt API
Go libraries and utilities for working with Unicode character data.
Listen to a Redis PubSub chanhel and then rebroadcast over WebSockets.
Data. To ask: Who's on first?
an early experiment
Tools for working with Unicode data
takes two images and returns a set of comparison metrics
Cooper-Hewitt's Python library for reading and writing CSV files and managing (most of) the Unicode pain.
A simple Flask-based HTTP pony server to dither images.
A simple Flask-based HTTP pony server for doing colour extraction.
Utility functions for Flask apps
Tools. For Dates. And times.
Functions for calculating and deriving properties for an image using Shannon entropy.
Functions for extracting color palettes from an image.
Drop-in code and libraries to use the Cooper-Hewitt API in your Flamework projects.

Go wrapper for the Cooper Hewitt API
Tools for working with Gearman

Functions for generating black and white images using Bill Atkinson's dithering algorithm.
Simple drop-in library code for calling the Wikipedia API from a Flamework project.


Meta package to install all the Cooper Hewitt computer vision libraries.
A simple Flask-based HTTP pony to lookup Unicode character names for a string.

A simple Flask-based HTTP pony server for extracting \"Shannon-related\" properties from images.
Base class for flamework-api derived API classes
a little thing to grab a new artisanal int
Tools for working with memcache
