Data.gov source code and issue tracker
The US federal government's web traffic.
The proposed HTTPS-Only Standard for federal domains.
PDF Filler is a RESTful service (API) to aid in the completion of existing PDF-based forms and empowers web developers to use browser-based forms and modern web standards to facilitate the collection of information.  
A lightweight listing of /developer pages in government, including embed-ready html code and structured xml.  
Uses Javascript to query the Social Media Registry and GitHub APIs and list details about all federal open source code on GitHub
Project Open Data Dashboard
Assorted data from the General Services Administration.
USA.gov's list of government URLs that don't end in .gov or .mil
Generic RESTful Interface for databases 
data.gov extension
ASIS (Advanced Social Image Search) indexes Flickr and Instagram images and provides a search API across both indexes.
Allows you to tap into a list of car, drug, food, and product safety recalls. Recalls are searchable by keyword, issuing agency, date, UPC code, vehicle-specific attributes, or any combination of these.
Allows you to tap into a list of current jobs openings with federal, state, and local government agencies. Jobs are searchable by keyword, location, agency, schedule, or any combination of these.
Open and structured content models drafted by a cross-agency working group.
Machine-readable schema for describing action items within the president's digital strategy, and for reporting on its progress
A sandbox for loose collaboration on assorted open data projects
MyUSA - reimagine how citizens interact with government through an experience designed around their needs rather than a confusing and fragmented bureaucracy.
Source code from around, inside, and outside the federal government that can be helpful to federal agencies building mobile apps.
Generates reports to describe agencies' progress in realizing the goals of the President's Digital Government Strategy 
A hub for accepting public feedback on government APIs
The MyGov Discovery API provides a service to discover related government content. Each page is assigned tags, which are used to find similarly tagged pages.
The MyGov Discovery Bar allows visitors to government websites to find relevant content across federal agencies.
US Public Participation Playbook
Space for IAE Architecture and code documentation
A collection of example and template resources for agencies producing APIs
Documentation to support upcoming data platform API and data sets
Allows sites to serve and track changes of root level XML, JSON, and other data files without directly uploading files to the server
Standards, Tools, and Guidance for offering web content as a web service
A barebones API
A slightly reorganized version of Foundation, with core mobile styles up front (for the most part) and tablet and desktop second. 
Repository of synonyms, protected words, stop words, and localizations
Do you have feedback, ideas, questions, or feature requests for GSA APIs?  Use this repository's Issue Tracker to join the discussion.
Reginfo.gov XML Forms Report Data Parser
Middleware adapter to proxy the GitHub Issues API as an Open311 GeoReport v2 endpoint
US Government unclaimed money metasearch
Repository for IAE architectural documents.
A tool for managing a CKAN data catalog
PHP Class to retrieve details about federal open source code hosted on GitHub  

The Enterprise Data Inventory is a CKAN based data management system for private and public data management
Wordpress Plugin to interact with Open311 API
An experiment to make a jekyll-powered catalog generator
Frontend for creating/editing tasks through the mygov-account tasks api
Sinatra app used to display the top 25 forms using data from Reginfo.gov
Design assets associated with data.gov
A CSV-based version
My BusinessUSA
A style guide for Data.gov
Issues reported for the for the DFAS.mil RWD application compatibility test-cycle. 
Crowdsource test-cycle for the CIO.gov web site 
Crowdsource test-cycle for the HHS.gov web site for Administration for Children and Families (ACF) 7_2014
OmniAuth strategy for MyGov
A Ruby client library for the EPA's UV Index REST API (http://www.epa.gov/enviro/facts/services.html#uvindex)
Demonstration on how to build an app that uses MyUSA for login
A test script you can use as a starting point for testing your mobile web site.
Prices Paid Portal API
Application built and used by the FSSI Data Management team to ingest, process, and output data.
CSV Containing a listing of federal agencies and organizations including any bureaus.
Search engine for agencies' published content
Issues reported for the for the NIH-HCI application compatibility test-cycle 12/2014.
A simple way to access all the GitHub repos of US federal agencies.  

A collection of federal agency logos
A list of government domains

GSA's administration and implementation of github.com/gsa
Issues reported for the for the NOAA-CrowdMag Android application compatibility test-cycle 8/2014.
Identity Management for Data.gov and Related Systems
A PHP client for the CKAN data catalog
Archive of vocab.data.gov
custom data.gov plugin

labs.data.gov home page repo
A lightweight SDK for PHP applications to interact with the MyGov Account APIs and OAuth login
Tasks API: Create task blueprints for MyUSA users to add to their profiles
A Sizable App Registration Rotator for Wordpress, Drupal and HTML5
A template for a lightweight microsite using markdown.  Good for collaboration, as well.  
Issues reported for the for the ABMC iPhone application compatibility test-cycle 8/2014.
Crowdsource test cycle for the USAD FSIS  

API documentation for the Social Media Registry
Resources and Materials for Search Engine Optimization for .Gov Websites



Issues reported for the for the NOAA-CrowdMag iOS application compatibility test-cycle 12/2014.
Central Repository for \"Generic\" Crowd-Source Testing Artifacts That are Shared Across Test-Cycles 
Based on fckeditor project at RubyForge
API documentation for the eMuseum API
custom data.gov plugin
A lightweight method for calling an agency's Social Media Registry entries.  
Modus Operandi API
custom data.gov plugin
ArcGis map custom plugin for data.gov
Issues reported for the for the Connect.gov application compatibility test-cycle 1/2015
custom data.gov plugin
custom data.gov plugin
custom data.gov plugin
custom data.gov plugin
usa-search
Responsive slider for use on the Sites.USA.Gov Wordpress platform
Code snippets and solutions for presentation layers to the catalog
Theme for Data Catalog 
Comment validator for WordPress comment form, instead of sending users to default error page
Brainstorming the integration of federal APIs in USA.gov
Identity Provider for Data.gov and Related Systems
custom data.gov plugin

Uses Salesforce Holiday Object to determine holidays / non-business days
Mustache templates for data.json
View Permissions, Queues, Memberships for a given user
Data.gov specific fixes for custom-permalinks
A responsive login page for Saleforce Communities using Bootstrap
Open Source Framework for GSA - use this framework as a reference when open sourcing your code base
This repository documents the FAS Technology Solution Divisions (TSD) manifesto for Agile Configuration Management

Pages and layout for our website.
Agile SDLC Documentation repository for GSA IT's Technology Solution Division

custom data.gov plugin
An API and mobile interface for the USA.gov FAQs
A community for Salesforce programs within the Federal government.  
Gallery of widgets powered by the Social Media Registry
Basic ckan extension to add google analytics tracking code in page header
Alternate versions of the Project Open Data schema
custom data.gov plugin
custom data.gov plugin
SAML2 Athentication extension
also a test site
Issues reported for the for the HHS_MAIN compatibility test-cycle 9/2014
Developer Hub for GSA 
simple-tooltips customized plugin for wordpress
An API for GSA auctions data. 
custom data.gov plugin
Bash scripts to generate metrics on U.S. Federal usage of GitHub using the GitHub APIs
