dcp is a distributed file copy program that automatically distributes and dynamically balances work equally across nodes in a large distributed system without centralized state.
An API to provide an efficient distributed queue on a cluster. Libcircle is currently used in production to quickly traverse and perform operations on a file tree which contains several hundred-million file nodes.
Some example MPI programs
A distributed and decentralized filesystem treewalk function, similiar to the interface of linux's ftw(3). libdftw automatically and dynamically balances the treewalk workload across many nodes in a large distributed system.
Scalable dynamic library and python loading in HPC environments
Generate an optimal rootfs hybridize list of files that should be symlinked to NFS mount and not required before NFS mount happens
SCR caches checkpoint data in storage on the compute nodes of a Linux cluster to provide a fast, scalable checkpoint / restart capability for MPI codes.
Very simple MPI sanity code. Nothing more, nothing less.
Parallelized gnu-coreutils
iptablesbuild is effectively a configuration manager for iptables. It is intended to manage iptables configurations in a centralized location for multiple systems.
Simple MPI application that approximates memory usage of MPI libraries.
A Splunk app for fast detangling of supercomputer logs.
User space POSIX-like file system in main memory
useful? cluster. scripts!
The Light-weight Group Library provides methods for MPI codes to quickly create and destroy process groups
Prerequisites, Packages, Services, Sanity check tools
CCE MPI: Open MPI 1.4.4
Perform external ethernet interface configuration and hostnames
parallel execution command, on host or across a cluster, run commands, copy, etc
A tool to transfer permission of files to others in a linux-based environment.
Datatype Compare (DTCMP) Library for sorting and ranking distributed data using MPI
Web-based HPC dashboard and more
generate cluster pxe files from a flat config file
Print a stat struct using a method similar to sprintf(3).
Open MPI platform files
Tool to detect and report leaked MPI objects like MPI_Requests and MPI_Datatypes
An application that uses RCA to get the mesh coordinates of NIDs within an allocation.
HOWTO dump and reload a PERCEUS db from a flat-file configuration
low level ugni based network tests for Trinity 
One way of determining the amount of local processes on a node using MPI 2.
CCE Open MPI 1.7.1
MVAPICH2-1.9 with patches for CCE
Perl scripts to process ibnetdiscover to extract network topology info
A mess of buggy python scripts used for handling unusual repetitive file system maintenance tasks.
A simple code used for OpenMP sanity.
Yet another branch of lustre.
CCE MPI: Open MPI 1.4.3

CCE Open MPI 1.6.4

MVAPICH2-2.0 tarball with CCE patches
Communication library for bootstrapping MPI
Research prototype for fast launch of MPI jobs
Lightweight virtual machine clustering technology based on QEMU and KVM
