NASA Tournament Lab (NTL) International Space Station (ISS) Food Intake Tracker (FIT) app for ISS crew to use on their iPads.
This algorithm code (from the Phase 1 Asteroid Tracker Challenge) provides the optimum subarray selection per set of object tracks provided in a predefined configuration using a fixed number of dishes - See more about the challenge at: http://www.topcoder.com/asteroids/tracker/  This code was generated via a challenge on the NASA Tournament Lab (NTL) supported by NASA's Center of Excellence for Collaborative Innovation (CoECI).
The NASA Tournament Lab (NTL) challenge to create an algorithm to help Robonaut \"see\" objects and recognize them.  This repository contains the set of winning algorithms that are being used to develop the next generation Robonaut control software.
This code includes the algorithms tht resulted from a challenge on the NASA Tournament Lab (NTL).  This challenge was to study select satellite imagery of the region of the lost tomb of Genghis Khan and then develop an algorithm that will recognize human built, and potentially historically significant, structures found in those images
The Planetary Data System API provides a common API to allow access to data across all PDS nodes. NASA has recorded over 100 terabytes of space images, telemetry, models and just about everything one can imagine from all the planetary missions from the past 30 years. The data stored is within NASA’s planetary data system (PDS). The PDS databases have developed in a disparate fashion over the years with different architectures and formats for different scientific needs; thereby making acquisition of data problematic. This API addresses this problem to make the data more accessible by users of the data.
The Lunar Mapping and Modeling Portal (LMMP) is a system that has been built to support lunar exploration activities that will enable return of both manned and unmanned missions to the Moon. It provides a web-based Portal and a suite of interactive visualization and analysis tools to enable mission planners, lunar scientists, and engineers to access mapped lunar data products from past and current lunar missions. It also addresses the lunar science community, the lunar commercial community, education and public outreach (E/PO), and anyone else interested in accessing or utilizing lunar data. 
Code from the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) and Humanity United (HU) challenge for Atrocity Prevention Modeling in collaboration with NASA’s Center of Excellence for Collaboration (CoECI).
NASA Tournament Lab (NTL) challenge to develop an algorithm that can detect craters from imagery.
The Healthcare Fraud Prevention Partnership (HFPP) through United States Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) in collaboration with NASA’s Center of Excellence for Collaboration (CoECI), Harvard, and TopCoder developed software that supports a data exchange network that enables healthcare insurance-paying entities in both the public and private sector to safely and securely share information for purposes of prevention and detection of fraud, waste and abuse across partners.
The Solution Mechanism Guide (SMG) is a tool to educate our scientists and managers about what tools are available for them to utilize in order to solve the challenges of spaceflight.
NASA Tournament Lab (NTL) Electrocardiogram (ECG) algorithm challenge code
This repository houses code for the United States Office of Personnel Management Service Credit Re-deposit/Deposit (SCRD) Application.
Code from the United States Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) challenge in  collaboration with NASA’s Center of Excellence for Collaboration (CoECI), Harvard, and TopCoder developed an iPhone app and reporting web application used to track and compile “transfers of value” (e.g. gift, meal, speaking fee) from industry manufacturers (e.g. pharmaceutical companies) to physicians. 
Earth Science Climate Resilience Data Challenge (CRDC):  With growing climate risk, it is evermore necessary to grow innovative capacity for resilience and adaptation. Using open climate data, imagine the possibilities of new applications that could fuel climate resilience efforts for communities and ecosystems as well as empower people to make smart decisions for the future. NASA and USGS invite you to take a step toward resilience by imagining solutions to our planet’s complex climate risks.
CMS Provider enrollment application developed via CoECI.
