Mission Control Technologies is a real-time monitoring and visualization platform. See an overview and demo at http://ti.arc.nasa.gov/OpenMCT/. Download MCT plugins at https://github.com/nasa/MCT-Plugins.
World Wind, an open source 3D interactive world viewer, was created by NASA's Learning Technologies project, and released in mid-2004. It is now developed by NASA staff and open source community developers.
Here you'll find a growing collection of 3D models, textures, and images from inside NASA.
Trick Simulation Environment.  Trick provides a common set of simulation capabilities and utilities to build simulations automatically.
Operating System Abstraction Layer
The X-Plane Communications Toolbox is a research tool used to interact with the X-Plane flight simulator
The API documentation for several NASA APIs.  
Space Weather and the Sun.
Create Microsoft Documents automatically using Text and Template files
The Open Scheduling and Planning Interface for Exploration (OpenSPIFe) is an integrated planning and scheduling toolkit based on hundreds of hours of expert observation, use, and refinement of state-of-the-art planning and scheduling technology for several applications within NASA.
Library for rigorous verification of non-linear arithmetic
An open source thermodynamic modeling package completed on behalf of NASA. The Toolbox for the Modeling and Analysis of Thermodynamic Systems (T-MATS) package offers a MATLAB/Simulink toolbox that gives a developer the ability to create simulations of such thermodynamic systems as turbomachinery and gas turbines. Keywords: TMATS, Control System, Numerical Methods, Newton-Raphson, Jacobian Calculation, Propulsion, Aircraft Engine, Jet, Turbofan, Turbojet, Compressor, Turbine, Nozzle, Inlet, open source
Machine-readable schema for NASA's response to the president's digital strategy.
NASA Ames Crisis Mapping Toolkit

Do you have feedback, ideas, or questions for NASA APIs? Use this repository's Issue Tracker to join the discussion. For more information visit http://open.nasa.gov/developer. 
libSPRITE is a set of libraries that have been used on several past projects including flight, technology demonstration, and simulation projects. libSPRITE provides a diverse set of functions to attempt to simplify coding and reduce code errors. For example, libSPRITE defines engineering units as types (i.e., Meters or Radians instead of double or int). It includes an engineering unit aware math library. libSPRITE includes a task scheduling system that abstracts pthreads and includes a publish subscribe data system for data routing. In addition, libSPRITE includes an optional binding to the Lua scripting language for configuring the program, setting parameters, running Lua scripts within C++ tasks and even interacting with the application during runtime.


EEPROM File System
contains the NASA open source software catalog for automatic deployment to code.nasa.gov

NASA PVS Library of Formal Developments

DEVELOP National Program Python module
Core Flight Executive
Matplotlib object oriented style system
An open source, semi-automated, control design tool for subsonic aircraft engine simulations written in the MATLAB/Simulink environment.  The Tool for Turbine Engine Closed-loop Transient Analysis provides the user a preliminary estimate of the closed-loop transient performance of an engine model.
A Java package, nominally built in NetBeans, that allows use of DAVE-ML simulation models within tools such as Mathwork's Simulink(R) and Matlab(R) products
Welcome to the Medicaid Provider Enrollment Screening Portal

Python Turbulence Detection Algorithm (PyTDA)
Cassini Structured Homepages uses LDAP authorization to provide a security layer to webpage content
Marshall MRMS Mosaic Python Toolkit
Formation Flying Repository

NASTRAN is the NASA Structural Analysis System, a finite element analysis program (FEA)
Python Advanced Microwave Precipitation Radiometer Data Toolkit (PyAMPR)
Modified Snowmelt Runoff model for forecasting snowmelt in central northern Chile.
EADIN_Lite Network Protocol
Well-Clear Boundary Models for Integration of UAS in the NAS

