A project to make it easier for Peace Corps Volunteers to order their medical supplies from a local Peace Corps Office. Volunteers can order by sms or webform. PC Staff interact with the orders in a simple to use dashboard. 
CLOSED - Giving potential applicants a view into the Volunteer opportunities available, along with additional data to make an informed decision to join Peace Corps.
Developers, we invite you to plug into Peace Corps' mission! This repo is for you to introduce yourself to us, and for us to update the community on upcoming projects.
The Peace Corps Countries & Regions REST API provides read-only access and currently supports JSON data format. Developers, designers, engineers, and partners are all encouraged to leverage the Peace Corps Countries & Regions API to build innovative tools and/or creatively share this data.
Mobile data tracking notebook for Peace Corps Volunteers in the field to record hard to remember details of activities that they will be required to report on later. 
Peace Corps website API for Volunteer Openings. As the name suggests, the data this API exposes is all current Volunteer Openings (JSRs) and the fields exposed are the same as those seen on the front-end of each JSR page.
Offer open Peace Corps data (peacecorps.gov/open/) from current CSVs as pseudo-API
A customization of the Ushahidi Platform for Peace Corps Volunteers serving in Azerbaijan
Ushahidi Web Crowdmap 
Android solution to track Volunteer activities in the field
Creating a mobile tool for Malaria prevention, information, and medicine tracking for Peace Corps Volunteers
Creating a mobile tool for Malaria prevention, information, and medicine tracking for Peace Corps Volunteers
A visualization of the contributions to OpenStreetMap by those associated with Peace Corps. This takes the form of a publically available dashboard of key statistics. 
Creating a mobile solution for Volunteers to log their activity information in the field - Master Repo for documenting requirements
Creating a mobile solution to track Volunteer activities in the field
Demo API for Realtrack Indicators.
Creating a mobile tool for Malaria prevention, information, and medicine tracking for Peace Corps Volunteers
Serve side support platform for Peace Corps mobile applications

This is a work in progress to offer Peace Corps Volunteers recipes from various Volunteer-created cookbooks
Creating a mobile solution for Volunteers to log their activity information in the field - Android version
The T4D Toolkit is a constantly-updated repository for tools, websites, resources, readings, contacts, and best practices related to T4D—the audience being primarily the Peace Corps Volunteer in the field.
Hackathon-inspired project to build engaging app of Volunteer opportunities
The Volunteerism Toolkit is a repository for tools, resources, and best practices related to Volunteerism.
