This R package is designed to obtain its water quality sample data, streamflow data, and metadata directly from either the USGS  or EPA, as well as user-supplied text files.
R tools for geo-web processing of gridded data via the Geo Data Portal. geoknife slices up gridded data according to overlap with irregular features, such as watersheds, lakes, points, etc.
Tools for interacting with the General Lake Model (GLM) in R
Tools for interfacing R with ScienceBase data services
An R-package for the analysis of long-term changes in water quality and streamflow, including the water-quality method Weighted Regressions on Time, Discharge, and Season (WRTDS)
Calculates Hydrologic Indicator stats and fundamental properties of daily streamflow for a given set of data
sensorQC is a flexible framework for QAQCing high-frequency data for a continuously evolving catalogue of sensors
Graphical USGS water science R functions.
Services for creating coastal change hazards items for the marine.usgs.gov/coastalchangehazardsportal
Base USGS water science R functions.
Statistic USGS water science R functions.
Splash page for USGS-R organization
backend tools for powstreams

A set of tools to process Acoustic Doppler Velocimeter data into estimates of the gas transfer velocity (k). 
Instantaneous rainfall data processing for defining event periods, determination of antecedent rainfall conditions and X-hr intensities. Provides graphical display of instantaneous rainfall with event periods and hydrographs.
Collection of functions to simplify data retrieval, model creation, and model analysis of censored surrogate regressions.
Water quality USGS water science R functions.
Tools for soil moisture data retrieval and visualization

Tools for Powell Center working group on stream metabolism

Introduction material for USGS-R water users.

Scripts and report generator
lake temperature data package for GLTC

Collection of questions and answers about using R within the USGS.
Time-series Observation Model
Data sets as data.frames and as text files for examples in the USGS core pacakges
Tools for hydrologic optical analysis

USGS water science R functions for LOAD ESTimation of constituents in rivers and streams.
Initial code for studying ToxCast data in relation to measured concentrations.
report generation in R
stream metabolism R package
Wisconsin Lake Modeling Aggregation
Tools for the Geological survey R Archive Network


Compilation of tools to aid in hydrologic and water quality analysis.
package for use in splitting flow-weighted samples
The static content for owi.usgs.gov/R
A geospatial water feature package for USGS data
plotting foundation for timeseries reporting
NetCDF Discrete Sampling Geometry package for R
