FiPy is a Finite Volume PDE solver written in Python
A modular single-molecule analysis interface
Materials Data Curation System
Object Oriented for Finite Elements 3D version code.
Tennessee Eastman simulation using Gilbert channel modeling PLC scan failure due to network uncertainties.
Analyze ERCC spike-in RNA controls in Differential Gene Expression Experiments
Robotic platform for industrial control systems cybersecurity research.  We use the research-grade Youbot as the robotics platform for our research.  The ROS framework is used for inter-process communication, and Python is the language used for application development.
Hemang Parikh
NIST Real-Time Control Systems Library including Posemath, NML communications & Java Plotter
Plots mulitple lists of Points or Poses(showing orientation) in 3D using JavaFX read from CSV files.
  This project aims to provide tools for constructing graphical user interfaces (GUIs) that are easily testable. A testable GUI is one in which a user session can be recorded in a log file, after which the log file can be instrumented and replayed to ensure that the GUI is performing correctly.
Visualization and Planning Software for Obstacle Avoidance with B-Splines to connect to a custom AGV (Autonomous Guided Vehicle) with a NDC8 Controller
Tool(s) for the collection, display and analysis of position tracking performance metrics 
Stochastic typing model for ICCM 2015 (International Conference on Cognitive Modeling)
Cell Imaging.  MML. Michael Halter
Amazing new tool
Repository for software and scripts associated with the NIST Standard Reference Simulation Website
a pure-python symbolic regression library build on deap
A customizable graphical file manager written in wxpython
Test cases for ISO15926 interoperability
Shared work of the Modeling Methodology for Smart Manufacturing project
John Wack
Data acquisition for coincidence gamma spectroscopy
SWIG-based wrapper code around REFPROP for languages such as python, c#, java, etc.
Framework for Detection Evaluation (F4DE) : set of evaluation tools for detection evaluations and for specific NIST-coordinated evaluations
Tool to run jobs in parallel, avoiding to rerun a previously run job with the use of a 'jobid'. Comes with a queue processor.
Dockerfile for F4DE
Object Oriented for Finite Elements initial code (no longer maintained).
Object Oriented for Finite Elements 2D version code.

The SP800-90B_EntropyAssessment python package implements the min-entropy assessment methods included in the 2012 draft of Special Publication 800-90B.
Project to convert Forrestal Building data to Green Button
Jerod Parsons
3D viewer for mixture phase envelopes
the ELSA cookbook for handling webserver installations
Python code for 1) permuting randomly-generated passwords for easier entry on mobile devices, and 2) for estimating entropy lost as a result of said permutation. 
iOS 7 typing tester application for usable security behavioral studies
demo for repro research
Tool for visualizing password usability and security metrics
